
Privacy Policy

Personal Information

H T Agri Business Services is the licensed owner of the brand heybandi.com
This Privacy Policy provides succinctly the manner your data is collected and used by H T Agri Business Services on the Site. 
As a visitor to the Site/mobile App Customer you are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully.
By accessing the services provided by the Site you agree to the collection and use of 
your data by H T Agri Business Services in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy.


What information is, or may be, collected form you
As part of the registration process on the Site, H T Agri Business Services may 
collect the following personally identifiable information about you: 
Name including first and last name, alternate email address, mobile phone number and 
contact details, Postal code, Demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address etc.) 
and information about the pages on the site you visit/access, the links you click on the site, 
the number of times you access the page and any such browsing information.


How do we Collect the Information?
H T Agri Business Services will collect personally identifiable information about you only 
as part of a voluntary registration process, on-line survey or any combination thereof.
The Site may contain links to other Web sites. H T Agri Business Services is not responsible 
for the privacy practices of such Third-Party Web sites which it does not own, manage or control. 
The Site and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie)
and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to the Site.

How is your information used?
H T Agri Business Services will use your personal information to provide personalized features to you on the Site 
and to provide for promotional offers to you through the Site and other channels. H T Agri Business Services will also 
provide this information to its business associates and partners to get in touch with you when necessary to provide 
the services requested by you.
H T Agri Business Services will use this information to preserve transaction history as governed by existing law or policy.
H T Agri Business Services may also use contact information internally to direct its efforts for product improvement, 
to contact you as a survey respondent, to notify you if you win any contest; and to send you promotional materials 
from its contest sponsors or advertisers. 
H T Agri Business Services will also use this information to serve various promotional and advertising materials to 
you via display advertisements through the Google Ad network on third party websites. 
You can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager. 
Information about Customers on an aggregate (excluding any information that may identify you specifically) covering Customer 
transaction data and Customer demographic and location data may be provided to partners of H T Agri Business Services 
for the purpose of creating additional features on the website, creating appropriate merchandising or creating new
products and services and conducting marketing research and statistical analysis of customer behaviour and transactions.
If you are a app user and have provided permission for the processing of location data, H T Agri Business Services 
collects location information when the H T Agri Business Services app is running in the foreground. In certain regions,
H T Agri Business Services also collects this information when the H T Agri Business Services app is running
in the background of your device if this collection is enabled through your app settings or device permissions.

With whom your information will be shared
H T Agri Business Services will not use your financial information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you.
H T Agri Business Services does not rent, sell or share your personal information and will not disclose any of your personally 
identifiable information to third parties. In cases where it has your permission to provide products or services you've
requested and such information is necessary to provide these products or services the information may be shared with
H T Agri Business Services business associates and partners. H T Agri Business Services may, however, share consumer information
on an aggregate with its partners or third parties where it deems necessary. In addition H T Agri Business Services may use this 
information for promotional offers, to help investigate, prevent or take action regarding unlawful and illegal activities, suspected fraud, 
potential threat to the safety or security of any person, violations of the Site’s terms of use or to defend against legal claims; 
special circumstances such as compliance with subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or law enforcement
agencies requiring such disclosure.

How can you correct inaccuracies in the information?
To correct or update any information you have provided, the Site allows you to do it online. 
In the event of loss of access details, you can send an e-mail to: heybandiht@gmail.com
